# makemevisible
#Summary:
The world is walking towards an entrepreneurial boss free world with a self-employed mentality. Please meet Marry, she creates fantastic perfumed candles at home and she wants to sell them but she doesn't know where. Or meet Ahmad who creates good-priced leather accessories at home which he sells at the open market every Sunday. He wants to increase his sales but he doesn't know how. A lot of micro businesses (enterprises) have great products but simply stated, not a lot of people know about these products. At the same time some customers are searching for these types of merchandise but they don't know where they can find them. Micro startups who produce high quality hand crafted merchandise only sell there products to the tiny local community missing the opportunity to reach bigger markets.
Make Me Visible is an online simple platform that helps building an online presence for micro enterprises through the use of our innovative story based online market store. In Make Me Visible we care about the story for who made the product and how he or she makes it more than just the product. Because we believe that home-made hand craft products should have the opportunity to reach more potential customers, as much as big companies products do.
Facebook, the world’s most popular media owner, creates no content. Uber, the world's largest taxi company, owns no fleet. Airbnb, the world’s largest accommodation provider, owns no real estate. Our vision, within 5 years: Make Me Visible the world's largest micro enterprise partner, creates no products. 
#“Make Me Visible” How it works?
We allow the micro enterprise to create a profile on our easy to use story based online market store. They write their business story and the products creation stories accompanied by high quality pictures. At the end of the page we provide a section to enable the customer to buy these products instantly after reading the profile story.
The micro enterprises should ship the products to the customers directly. The money amount will be held in the Make Me Visible system, until the product is delivered to the customer.
